Hagoromo Lala is a 14 year old alien girl from outer space. Even though she's an alien Lala is really cute. Lala has Turquosise hair with highlights, and wears cute clothes like school uniforms. Her cutepoints are her cute loose yellow socks, her cute face and nice expressions, and her sexy alien body. Lala has a good fashion sense for being an alien. She wears stylish yellow things on the ends of her feelers, which is like wearing earings for a human.
Even though she knows Japanese, Lala still makes alien expressions like 'lun~' and 'oyo!' which is very cute and charming. If you want to know 'lun' means 'yep', and 'oyo!' is an expression of surprise I think.

Lala only came to earth to look around, but she soon became best friends with an Earthling, Hikaru. Hikaru is her cute girlfriend who kisses her. Hikaru is very cute and eunthiastic, and makes a good pair with Lala so I'm happy for them. Lala even enrolled in Hikaru's middleschool to learn about human culture, she had trouble at first but she's trying her best everyday especially with Hikaru's help.
One of Lala's qualities is her intelligence. She's only 14 years old and she has to go all by herself through deep space, and has to repair her spaceship and everything. Lala had to learn Japanese, and never even went to school before so learning to catchup to Hikaru in school was very difficult. On Lala's planet you're considered an adult by 14, so she had a lot of responsibility already.

Lala isn't only an alien, but also became a magical girl along with Hikaru. Lala was already the cutest and best, but now she's a magical girl she's even cuter and greater. When she's not studying at school or hanging out with Hikaru she goes into space with her other magical girl friends to fight badguys. Lala keeps the universe safe all the time, which is courageous. Another thing Lala has going for her.  Lala is one of the most powerful magical girls in the world, her favorite attack is to shoot lightning out of her feelers. She can also fly, and is super strong and is invincible!

Even though Lala is very humble and understated, she's very important. She's the sole representative of the galaxy spanning Starscape alliance on earth. Sometime in the future I'm sure she'll become a member of the UN. I know she can handle it! 

Everyone should be grateful that Lala keeps the world safe with her magical girl powers, but
I am grateful for Lala because she's so cute and charming and makes me happy to see her. Lala is inspirational because she's always trying her best and making a cute smile even when times get tough. If you see Lala she will probably smile at you and go 'oyo!' or 'lun~' even though she has the responsibility of saving the world and learning about earth all the time.
